@W-21013310  Flex Gateway Extra Large size related changes (#985)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.12/modules/ROOT/pages/flex-review-prerequisites.adoc

|===

[[managed-flex-gateway-limits]]
=== Managed Flex Gateway Limits and Performance Metrics

> Each Managed Flex Gateway size has a limit on the number of APIs it can deploy. The platform does not allow you to exceed this limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Managed Flex Gateway size has a limit on the number of APIs it can deploy. The platform doesn't allow you to exceed this limit.
```

[%header%autowidth.spread,cols="a,a"]
|===
| Gateway Size | API Limit
| Extra Large Managed Gateway| 500
| Large Managed Gateway | 500 
| Small Managed Gateway | 50 
|===

> Each Managed Flex Gateway size supports a maximum number of transactions per second (TPS). Exceeding this might increase request latency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Managed Flex Gateway size supports a maximum number of transactions per second (TPS). Exceeding this number can increase request latency.
```
